By way of introduction, you know Kapil,
he's been on the product side,
so he can speak to everything cloud
infrastructure and Zach is more on the
corporate IT security side.
Right, right. OK. All right.
Just looking around this,
does everybody know everybody or do we
need to go through any sort of
introductions again? I think it's,
I see a lot of familiar faces,
but I don't want to waste time,
but if we need it, we we can.
No.
Yeah, just let just let you know, Chris,
I have to jump over at 4:00.
No.
I have a I'm hosting a committee meeting,
so if you need me to jump on,
Yeah.
I should be done with by 4:30 if you need
me to jump on after after that.
OK.
Mm.
So on the Florence side,
did you guys prepare anything or you just
want to keep this interactive kind of
Q&A? How do you want to approach this?
Yeah, I'm going to share my screen.
Perfect.
While he's pulling it out,
I have a logistical, uh,
small disruption at 3:30.
I have to get in the car and I'll join
again soon.
OK.
The heads up. Thank you.
Do you have a on the screen? Awesome. OK,
so and and I believe we are talking about
Yep.
infrastructure, cloud and scalability.
So quick thing on this is that we are
fully on a WS, right?
Our full architecture infrastructure is
in a WS.
So we have a key architectural design
principles that we follow while building
the infrastructure around it,
where event driven architecture is the
one like where most of our our
integrations and overall communication
between the products and all is
asynchronous.
With the message queues in place as well
as ensuring we have loose coupling and
scalability is the prime.
We have multi-region deployment as we are
working in across the globe from.
So we have three regions currently we
have US region, we have Europe and APAC.
So Europe is in Frankfurt,
US is in Northern Virginia and Asia
Pacific is in Sydney and and for
basically for data residency and low
latency access.
So the users on those regions are
basically accessing.
The website as well as the data stays
within that region,
all cloud native micro services which is
containerized and we are using a WS ECS
Fargit.
So everything is hosted on ECS Fargit for
basically scalability and maintainability.
So we do not have.
Any EC2 instances as such outside of ECS
Fargate.
We do have Orcus which is a workflow
orchestration tool that is in the EKS.
We are using it but that's the only thing
which we have in EKS but other than that.
We have built-in encryption,
access controls and audit trails for
basically meeting the overall compliance
for SOC 2A requirements as well as
government.
For high availability we do have multi AZ
deployments, auto scaling and redundancy.
And we'll talk about more from the Dr.
standpoint, how we are handling the Dr.
for all the critical services as well as
the databases and we are using
infrastructure as code.
So all the deployments are automated
fully CICD using Terraform for deployment.
Joe, you had a question?
So.
Yeah, I have a quick question.
If you could go back to the previous
No.
slide.
When you talk about your your regional
deployments,
do you have any scenarios where you have
customers that say European data for me
needs to stay in Europe and Asia data has
to stay in Sydney and so like the
customer themselves?
Are bifurcated or trifurcated as the
scenario might be to multiple of your
locations for a single customer.
That's correct. Yeah, that's correct.
So that's that's the way the data stays
within that region today.
And then we do have customers who wants
to stay within that region. So we both,
yeah, sorry.
So how?
I was just gonna say,
so if you have a customer that has data
in Europe and data in Sydney,
how do they report on the entirety of the
data? How does that come together?
So, so Snowflake,
the data warehouse that we have basically
we we capture the data in a single like
that's Snowflake is in US East region and
we actually consolidate the data over
there from from all the all the regions.
So.
OK. Thank you.
Yeah.
So there was one other question from the
earlier meeting,
which I think you might be able to answer
it now. Do you guys use RDS?
Yes, we do use.
So we have we have two databases.
Basically one is Mongo DB,
no SQL for a couple of products like
ebinders and econsent,
but all the newer products we are using
PostgreSQL with RDS.
OK. Thanks.
Yeah.
So if you look at the cloud
infrastructure,
so everything in a WS right now and this
is the stack.
If you look at we do have like S3 from
static hosting plus Cloudfront
authentication is off 0 which is hosted
by Okta.
API Gateway that I'll be using all the
APIs are routing towards API Gateway.
Some of the public APIs that still
directly expose that we are moving it
behind API Gateway which was the legacy
ones.
Right now,
but I think the goal for this year that
by Q3 we'll have those APIs moving behind
API gateways.
Application services is ACS Fargate.
We have 51 microservices overall from
workflow orchestration as I talk about
that Orcus which is hosted on ETS.
We have a project initiative going on for
this year where we are migrating all the
workflows from EKS to AWS step functions
so that like we are we are trying to
remove the dependency which is separately
on the Orcus hosting infrastructure as
well as.
There is some cost saving behind that if
we move all those workflows into AWS step
functions.
Message queuing. Yeah, sorry, go ahead.
Thank.
No,
I was going to just mention as as you
Yes.
folks read this,
we consolidate on a WS with a commitment.
So everything that goes in there actually
saves us money.
So that's another motivation if the
service fits our needs like bedrock.
Who? Who? Who's?
Who's managing the AWS account itself?
Kapil,
is that is that your team that does that?
Yes, yes. I do manage DevOps,
so including engineering data and QA.
OK.
So this is what we are managing. Yeah, OK.
OK.
Message queuing.
So we are as a newer infrastructure wise,
newer services that we are building,
we are moving towards AWSSQS more.
We do have rabbit MQ and Amazon MQ Cloud
AM QP right now.
We are planning as part of Kafka
implementation as we talked about earlier
as well as.
I'm going to shed some light on that
where with Kafka we are planning to
remove rabbit MQ as well so that we can
have a Kafka as a platform layer and
we'll start having those message pairing
communication with that layer.
Even processing mainly all a WS Lambda
functions we are using it.
All AI services is a WS Bedrock.
We are planning to use with the Bedrock
like some of the AI like open AI is not
there. So we we basically.
Currently using Sonnet 3.
5 and and basically the Gemini.
So those are all the things we are using
it with Bedrock.
Now from data store standpoint we do as I
said like we have Mongo DB with and we do
OK.
have clusters for each.
Region Aurora RDS which is Postgres SQL.
All the newer product like Sitelink 2 as
well as site experience they are using
this relational database.
So RDS one and and all the documents we
are storing in S3.
We do have overall production.
Non-production is 1.
6 billion documents at this point.
So that's that's including everything,
including the backups and all.
Encryption we are using AWSKMS.
We do have double encryption where we do
have customer encryption layer where we
actually create KMS keys generate on top
Oh.
of it.
Monitoring is we're using New Relic a lot
and Cloudwatch and Cloud Trail is
definitely Cloudwatch is for the logging
and and basically all the API messages,
requests and responses getting logged in
the Cloud Trail and New Relic is the tool
that we are using for application
performance monitoring.
What's your approximate monthly a WS
spend?
So we have yearly around 1,000,
000 for yearly, yeah.
OK, that's good enough.
It's just looking for, you know,
rough order of magnitude.
Yeah.
Cloud infrastructure.
So from deployment standpoint, as I said,
we have three regions,
primary is US region.
So our 80% of load on US East,
N Northern Virginia, right.
So European and Asia Pacific is less load,
but we do have.
The mirroring,
so infrastructure is exactly in all the
three regions,
some of the services where a particular
region is not using.
So definitely we scale down,
but but ultimately we do make sure that
we are all the regions are In Sync.
One thing from disaster recovery
standpoint that currently we have
basically availability zone Dr.
with this with this Q1 we are targeting
to have multi region Dr.
in place because currently it's only on
the.
Availability zone. So we are,
we are adding that on top of it where
disaster recovery should span across the
regions. So as I said, Dr.
upgrades that we need to be delivered by
Q1 where we are also having Dr. and US.
Which is basically cold for application
services and warm standby for the
database site.
And SC cross region replication that we
have where we do real time replication
for disaster recovery and cross account
basically additional backup layer in
place.
For high availability and redundancy,
so multi AZ as I said within each region,
Fargate ECS Fargate task that is
distributed across 3 availability zones.
In each region we do have application
load balancers.
Which is multi AZ by default rabbit MQ
clusters like 3 nodes across for each
cluster per region.
You have Mongo DB that we are we are
doing replication on the Mongo DB which
is active active clusters.
In different days's NAD gateways are used
basically for outbound traffic redundancy
and and we do have the health checks for
all the load balancers and and the
services in place.
Overall basically availability target is
99.95% uptime per region.
If you look at service redundancy like we
have auto scaling in place which is for
example if I give an example about
ebinders,
we do have the maximum instances of
ebinders which is actually set it as 40,
minimum is 20, but what we do is.
Of basically weekdays and office hours.
We keep that 20 instances,
but in off time at 10:00 PM EST we
actually scale it down to 10 instances.
And that is all happening automatically.
We do the rolling up updates like when we
deployed from the replacement strategy.
So we do the rolling updates there.
Now storage database and availability
Mongo DB which is replicated as active
active,
we have an automatic failover in place.
Continuous backup and cross region nodes
for Dr.
S3 Amazon S3 which is 11 nines full
versioning.
We have cross region and cross account
replication for backup as the documents
are the key and that's why we have the
multiple level of backups there.
And automated overall lifecycle
management from data protection
standpoint,
we do have versioning in place for
accidental deletion of any of those
documents or anything.
We do have regional failure protection
from cross region replication standpoint
and overall cross account.
Backup also in place from account in any
case if account is getting compromised.
Network resiliency is VPC architecture
where we have all services are isolated
from Internet by having the private
subnets.
NAT gateways are used when the outbound
traffic needs to go with the public
subnet,
so it's it's using the NAT gateways for
that.
VPC peering is basically the private
connectivity we have with the Mongo
database as well as well as the message
queues that we have.
And private access to S3.
So we do have private signed URL for S3
and SQS and and other AWS services in
place.
Network redundancy which is multi AZ
subnet allocation as well.
As a route table redundancy and the
security group and NSEL is in place.
Any questions on this till now?
I had,
I had one question and I apologize for
Sure.
going back,
but again you you have data and you you
say that you have data in three different
regions,
but yet I want to make sure I understood
it's all being copied to the US for the
snowflake and then also for disaster
recovery, all of disaster.
Recovery is US, right?
So I take that to mean all data while
being stored in the US, EU and in Sydney.
It's all coming to the US at some point.
So,
so disaster recovery also has like from
AZ standpoint we do have in that region
itself for disaster recovery for the data.
But when you talk about from Snowflake
data warehouse standpoint that is coming
into US and and that disaster recovery is
happening in US.
OK. Thank you.
It makes sense, yeah.
So let's talk about monitoring and
observability.
So we use Cloudwatch for all the logs.
We look at the metrics for CPU, memory,
overall disk and network for ECS task.
We do have some custom metrics too for
application level for looking at overall
request count and latency and error rates
and some of those metrics based on the
threshold is basically integrated within.
Our Slack channel so that like support
teams can get if if certain threshold
goes up or some alerts like alarms which
is if any of the alarms goes above a
certain threshold that we created,
it actually put that message into the
Slack channel for the support team to
look at.
New Relic is the one is the tool that we
are using for application performance
monitoring,
overall transaction tracing and error
OK.
tracking as well as the infrastructure
monitoring including hosting and and
container metrics.
We also do the overall end to end request
flow across micro services.
So we monitor that so that like any of
the issues or from performance standpoint
we should be able to track it back from
the request to the end when the database
queries are actually executing and how
the database.
Is performing on that alerting is in
place with the pager duty for any of the
incident response.
So basically we we do have the pager duty
in place.
Jellyfish is the overall metrics tool
that we are using where all the
engineering metrics.
Will be captured there.
So we we do look at we we basically
created the organizing organization as
more metrics driven data-driven
organization where we would like the
teams even individual scrum teams to
follow the metrics from from jellyfish
where we do have.
We have the Dora metrics like deployment
frequency,
lead time to changes and all the other
metrics Dora as well as we also track AI
adoption within Jellyfish and overall
productivity from the intercycle time,
your PR review, PR merge time, all the.
As well as the quality metrics from the
error rates and all those things,
we track it in jellyfish.
CICD.
So we we are actually fully CICD in all
the products we have.
So basically we are using GitHub actions
for all the code we.
For E binders,
which because it's a legacy application,
we are using semaphores,
but in this Q1 we actually moved that
from semaphores to GitHub action.
So ultimately at this point we have
everything in GitHub actions.
Pipeline flow as you see it's basically
since from the code commit from build QA,
there is a QA environment and then fate
environment, fate, UAT and production.
So we do have like this 4 environments in
place currently.
We have a goal for Q2 where we are
introducing performance environment as
well as pre prod environment.
So a performance environment because we
would like to add in our SDLC cycle where
performance is one of the thing so that
we.
We keep doing the load testing in place
because currently what we are doing is we
are doing ad hoc basis but we would like
to make sure we have that in DLC as well
as we do not have the P prod environment
currently.
So we are using UAT for that but but we
are introducing that P prod environment.
So before production just to make sure
the deployments and all pre-check
environment there.
Security standpoint GitHub code security
we we are scanning all the pull requests
with that testing.
We have automated unit and integration
test and CIC pipeline.
So for APIs we are almost 90% of
automation from testing standpoint.
For applications we have 70% close to 70%
between 60 to 70% I would say.
For the applications from automation
testing in place.
Container registry we are using Docker
images which is stored for per region
repository in ECR deployment strategies.
As I said like we we do have rolling
updates as well As for high risk
standpoint when we are introducing we
also do the blue-green and canary.
We are using schematic as the feature
flagging tool where we any new feature
that we are building,
we are introducing a feature flag for
that so that we can actually one we can
reduce the risk as well as second is we
can actually move or enable.
The feature to out based on the
particular customer.
Multi-region deployment as I said deploy
to US 1st and then we roll out to the
other regions,
full infrastructure as code where
Terraform is used across and we are fully
CICD so we don't do any of the vendor
deployments.
Monitoring is where we do have ECS cell
checks, Cloudwatch metrics,
New Relic APM that we are using closely
with the monitoring and the metrics on
the jellyfish of that side.
Now some of the deployment triggers where
automatic.
Merge happens and and sometimes that we
are also doing the manual merge in case
if there are any any challenges that
comes within the CICD we choose that
there is some error.
All production deployments is basically
requiring the progression through the
full pipeline as I said in the pipeline
flow.
So the if in case there is a critical bug
which is high priority and there is a war
room in place,
so we actually do make sure that we.
Try to avoid the issues with the customer
so that like customer can get that
quickly.
So we we in in those cases only where we
actually first test it in UAT quickly if
it's a data related thing and then move
to production and then make sure that we
have.
The code sync in every every places.
So tools that we are using across
software development lifecycle where Jira
is the agile methodology that we are
following with Jira backlog,
Sprint and all workflow tracking is there.
We are using Aha for.
The idea creation from the epic level,
we make sure that any department for the
compliance or implementation,
if they have any idea,
they can place it into aha and the
product team is basically looking at into
that and prioritizing it from the all the
ideation from the aha and then it it
actually.
Goes into Jira from there as an app.
And and and customers to through the CS
team.
Customer's team, yes.
Confluence we use for documentation,
Slack for collaboration,
communication and we we actively use
Slack even it's integrated within within
our overall tools and alerting mechanisms
so that we get.
The any of the alerts as early as
possible. GitHub for source code repo,
GitHub actions as I said for CICD for all
the API's we have a swagger documentation
in place and and that is the links are
provided like in case if any anyone.
Look at the documentation for AI we are
using cloudy code.
So with with AI basically we currently
have some teams are using GitHub copilot,
some are using.
Cloudy code and some are using cursor.
Cloudy code is the most where the teams
are using and now as I mentioned
yesterday that we are basically
standardising that usage across the
platform.
A WS infrastructure is fully on a WS node.
Nodejs is a development language across
the product.
We do have Pythons in some cases,
but most of the places we have Nodejs
X-ray we are using for test management
and APN is for local platform for overall
faster.
Development the business applications.
Any questions still here,
just in case if I'm not going too fast?
No, no, no, this is good.
I I'm also interested in which I I
understand it's not your area is is the
the software used in the IT space as well
too.
So we're probably we'll have to pivot to
that at some point before we end this
call today.
You know, like what do you use for mail?
What do you use for collaboration? What,
OK.
you know, what type of,
what type of tools in that space too?
But you can keep going here.
I just want to call that out because this
has been very,
very product infrastructure focused so
far, which is good,
but we're interested in the rest of the
Yeah.
infrastructure too.
I think Zach Zach's on, so he.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We can get Zach so that as soon as I
Yep.
finish I can hand over to Zach for that.
So awesome. And it's a third party tool.
Beautiful. Thanks.
So we are using a price for the
documentation viewing and annotation
across.
So we have even in e-consent and the
products that we are using.
By using a price,
Mailgun is for e-mail service we are
using across.
Tableau is for front end BI tool,
so it's basically used by the teams as
well as the customers are also using it
in some cases.
Apex chart and AG grid.
Basically we have advanced our overall
analytics reporting for the products and
we are using apex chart and AG grid for
overall beautification and.
Look and feel from the AI standpoint as
well as the metrics which is generating.
So we are using those two third party
tools schematic as I said like we are we
use we are using for feature flag
management.
From the right side,
we this is the list of the vendors for
software development consulting that they
are providing us as a staff augmentation.
So Nordic that we are using in Serbia,
Spark in US and we are also having the
partnership with CTS Tech.
Which is in India,
but they are actually basically only in
supporting the healthcare clients and
they are they're all the clients they
have actually in US and there are a
couple of them which is independent
contractors from our past.
Some legacy products which is which is
almost at the end of the features because
we are we are integrating those features
in in some of our newer products.
Some of the technology risk and open
items.
So we from master data management
standpoint currently we are integrating
one of the tool which is Tamr which is a
master data management tool and we are
working on integrating within our
workflow.
For mastering sites, studies,
data as well as PR data.
So we are we are trying to integrate that
within that.
So data mastering is across the platform
is very,
very important and we are actually
working on it.
So it's a part of an open item that that
currently.
We are working next Gen.
data architecture.
The last quarter of Q4 last year we
actually built the next generation data
architecture design.
So the plan for this year is like Kafka
which is going to be a platform.
From data streaming layer within the
platform and we are working on
implementing that which will actually
introduce us and getting the data flowing
to data warehouse on a real time basis.
E binders which we have as as a legacy
product as well as mostly monolithic,
but we are trying to decomposing that as
a services and service providers to
basically evolving overall our portfolio.
AI at scale,
which is basically we need to showcase
overall precision,
AI precision at scale in some of the AI
native products like like Doc Q that we
talked about.
So Doc QC is one of the product that we
are moving into production in Q2.
And that's how we would like to show like
how we can actually scale our AI
efficiency as well as our productizing
overall AI features. Angular,
we do have all the products we are using
Angular.
But Angular we have in different versions
like for example in ebinders and E
consent they are legacy products.
So the Angular version is 14 but cycling
2 is a newer product where we have
Angular version is 21.
So we are working on implementing that so
that we can have consistent.
From versioning standpoint across the
code base.
Nancy had her hand up.
I think she wanted to add Ketrix as a
Sure.
tool in the previous slide.
So that's for compliance, yeah.
OK, yeah, yeah.
Catrix that we are using for compliance,
which is integrated with our SDLC where
before moving into UAT,
we basically integrated in a way that all
the compliance related test cases are.
You can we can actually have it within
catrigs itself and that is linked with
each stories within Jira.
So every time there's audit happens like
this.
Basically we we take the stories from the
catrigs and basically show it there.
So all the test cases and and stories are
linked.
With the and JIRA.
Thanks Nancy to putting it there. Yeah.
Thank you.
I think Zach, if you're there,
can you talk about the overall IT
corporate tools?
Yeah.
And just just to put a little context
I could.
around it, you know,
just kind of interested in the the main
But.
ones, right. So,
so you know what are you using?
I'm I'm from what we gathered you're
you're a Google, Google organization,
but maybe just kind of just talk to the
main things you have in in the IT space
and then.
I might have some follow-up questions
along there,
just trying to get a feel for you know
how how we match and don't match.
Sure, yes. So on the IT security side,
particularly for our infrastructure,
we're using Wiz and that's our main cloud
security tool.
So we're covering a WS we we don't have
any infrastructure in.
GCP,
but we we do use their cloud directory
for Google single sign on.
So we cover that with Wiz as well.
On.
And Cabell may have mentioned Tableau
which is where we maintain our
infrastructure as codes.
Wiz also monitors all of our Tableau and
and infrastructure as code as well.
So pretty much anything around our AWS
environment is, you know,
we use Wiz for identifying those
vulnerabilities.
For runtime protection or cloud workload
protection.
Right. What? What about?
I'm really interested in like,
what's your corporate mail product?
Like what? What is, what is that?
You know, I'm joining, I'm in finance.
Like, what do I get?
What do I get on my image?
What kind of laptop do I get?
What kind of software am I using?
Who manages that?
What kind of tickets come into your help
desk? You know,
just think about it from not necessarily
security, but from an IT standpoint,
like how's how's that get all get
operated?
Yeah, absolutely.
So we are a Google Workspace shop,
so new employee joins.
What we do is we provision their laptop
with our MDM solution which is Hexnode
and then we will enroll them in Google
Workspace.
That's where the e-mail flows through.
We we use that as our collaboration tool
as well.
So we're using Drive for for Docs, Sheets,
Slides, things like that.
We also use Slack for internal
collaboration.
And we have Google single sign on for
most of our common applications,
so things that all employees need access
to.
So once we provision that Google accounts,
they can access things like our HRIS
Slack.
We have, you know,
a few Atlassian products as well.
So we're using JIRA and Confluence.
All that stuff is really provisioned with
the Google account. But yes,
we're using Gmail for, you know,
our corporate mail.
We use Jira Service Management,
another Atlassian product for our IT help
desk.
I also use that on the security side as
well.
So my security team manages our our
incidents through Jira Service Management
as well.
And anything outside of our common apps
and Google single sign on would be
department specific.
Our infrastructure has a separate process
for requests and review and approvals for
access to our infrastructure products
like.
AWS and we have strict processes around
granting access to AWS since our
infrastructure is obviously one of our
critical applications.
If someone needs access to that,
they would submit a request.
To our infrastructure team and that's in
the form of a JIRA ticket.
We then have a process that that has to
be reviewed and approved and we do have
separation of duties there.
So we require a separate grantor.
From the person that actually approved
the access.
And if there's any particular areas that
you wanted to dive into,
OK, OK.
I'm I'm happy to as well.
That's just kind of a general.
Yeah, no,
I think that that that's super helpful
and we just, you know,
kind of tag on a couple of those things
in there. So you're using,
you're using JIRA service management.
So I'm assuming that you have a like a
change control system incident problem
that's all getting tracked in JIRA as
well too.
Correct. Yep, we track all of that.
I pull metrics and reports and report
those quarterly to the leadership team
from JIRA Service Management.
OK.
And then flipping over to like your your
your hardware, your laptop environment,
I I did see the inventory in the data
room.
It's kind of a mix of Macs and and and
Windows machines.
They're all Windows 11, as you said,
except for the one that you did point out
this morning. It's Windows 10.
So what's the what's your refresh policy
on hardware and how far into that refresh
are you right now?
Yeah, great question.
And just to touch on that, yes,
I did confirm we do have one device on on
Windows 10.
So we're looking at upgrading that one,
but we're about 703070% to 30% Mac to
Windows.
Right now what we've started doing is
initially we were purchasing devices
outright.
We have shifted over last year to a
leasing model and the way that that works
is that it's going to be an automatic
three-year refresh.
So the devices that are on the leasing
program are already set on a three-year
refresh.
Refresh cycle.
What we're doing is we're catching up to
the ones that are older and we're
addressing that on a looking at the
oldest ones, upgrading them first.
So anything that's older,
they start getting on the leasing program
and in the future everyone will be on the
leasing program and on a three-year.
Refresh.
So we kind of have two buckets right now.
We've got our three-year refresh for the
lease devices,
the ones that aren't on that program yet.
We're working on getting them all into
that program.
So do do you create and load each gold
image or or is that your supplier that's
doing that as part of the leasing program?
Yeah, great question.
So we have Apple Business Manager for Mac
devices.
So that's actually hands hands free for
IT.
So someone can sign in with their
Florence e-mail address and it detects it
as a corporate Florence.
MacBook and then it automatically enrolls
them in hex node,
which then pushes down our policies for
them.
So we've got a touch free approach for
them on the Windows side.
I think that there's a couple more steps,
but we're still.
Even though it's touch free,
our process still now is typically to
have the the devices ships to our office
in which my IT team provisions them
because they'll push them through all of
the necessary updates and all that stuff
before shipping it to the end user.
So there are a couple more steps for
Windows.
But they all get, you know,
enrolled in our Hexnode MDM before the
end user touches them.
Got it, got it.
And then Speaking of offices,
so you you have a physical office in
Atlanta and one in in Belgrade.
Is there any other physical offices or
just those two?
That's correct.
No, just those two and the rest are just,
uh, remote.
And then in those offices,
what does the network stack look like?
Yeah, good question.
So the the good thing is for mitigating
our our risk,
we don't have any on premise
infrastructure.
I like to think of our office as an
Internet cafe with our name on it.
So essentially we just have Wi-Fi there.
Hmm.
We do have the Wi-Fi device,
it's fully managed.
We can manage that remotely as well by
the the IT team and security team has
access to that as well.
So in our office we have a separate IT
closet which houses, you know,
our Wi-Fi router and you know.
Switches any of that equipment really
just to enable Internet access,
but that is a separate badge access from
our office,
so it's only authorized personnel,
IT and security that can access that door
Mhm.
to get into where the equipment is.
OK. And what kind of technology is that?
Is that something like ubiquity? Is it?
Is it Meraki? Is it?
You nailed it. It's ubiquity.
Got it. OK, good, good.
And the switches are as well.
So we can manage the switches and you
know, the Wi-Fi router,
we can do all that remotely.
Perfect.
Devices, I'm assuming as well too.
Correct. Yeah.
And the reason that we do it that way is
because we have these remote users.
So any policies we would apply to our
Wi-Fi router in the Atlanta office is not
going to be applicable for them.
So we put those policies on the endpoint
agent so that no matter where they go for
Internet,
they still have those same web browsing
policies applied and all.
All the filtering applied and that that
agent is, yeah,
OK, yeah, I figured make makes sense.
that agent is pushed down through our MDM,
so all of all of our laptops have it.
So, so Zach, what is that?
What was that agent name?
Got it.
What was the product?
It's Mindcast.
They have a web Security agent.
Oh, OK, OK. It's part of my guess. OK,
I didn't change that earlier.
Right.
So is there any local printing that goes
on in the offices too?
Uh, very minimal. I yeah,
we we don't really keep.
Or or net, yeah.
I I as the as the globe's leading digital
workflow company for life science,
I created a mandate that we didn't have a
printer from the first day of the
business.
I think one may have snuck in though.
I think HR has a printer, unfortunately.
There you go.
That certainly makes it easy, right?
Oh,
something you gotta you gotta print memes
and stuff like that, right? Memes, memes,
memes.
Yeah, yeah, that's right. We have a meme.
A meme only printer just prints cats.
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
Um.
No, that's that's good.
And then just just I mean one last thing
is,
is on metrics like how many tickets does
your local team manage on a monthly basis?
Um, let's see.
Just rough, rough order of magnitude.
It doesn't have to be exact.
Yeah. So on the on the IT side,
let's say on a quarterly basis.
Let's see. Well,
I I've really been gathering it per week,
so it's around 22 tickets per week.
So let's say just a little under 100 a
OK.
month.
And then this this is this would be
different than any sort of external
customer.
Customer support desk, right?
Correct. Yeah,
that's all internal IT help desk support.
Got it. Got it.
All right, great.
I mean I think that was that was pretty
helpful and and any any of these licenses
coming up for intimate renewal or or you
know whether it's Google or Slack or
anything like that too or you?
On all of our main,
my approach has been on anything that's
well ingrained into our environment.
We're usually on like a three-year
renewal cycle,
so we don't have any upcoming renewals
for our major technologies.
Some of the newer ones,
if I implement a new technology,
I'll usually do it on a one year to make
sure it works.
Works well for us, but anything that's,
you know,
our major like Slacks and Googles,
Atlassian, things like that, those are on,
you know,
long term contracts and and nothing that
I know of that's coming up soon for
renewal in regards to those.
Got it. Great. Well, thanks.
That was that was super helpful and sorry
for the rapid fire questioning,
but it's it's I think it's easier just to
Oh, no words.
get to the hot points, right?
Absolutely. Yeah.
If you think of any other questions,
I'll be on for this call,
so feel free to ask.
Will do.
All right. Um.
I think that was like the main stuff that
that we're going through so far.
There's there was another part to the
agenda around key risks.
I'm not sure if if Sylvia ever joined on
this or if Marcos if you have anything
that you wanted to probe into based on
what you've what we heard today.
I mean we've heard pieces of this over
the last couple meetings.
So it's it's just.
We kind of recast it in a certain way,
but.
No, I don't. I'm I'm good.
All right.
Dog chills.
No,
I think we captured a lot at the 11:00 AM
call that I think I'm pretty satisfied.
Yeah, I'm OK as well. Thank you.
OK. Um, Nate,
I see you're on there as well too.
Anything that?
Or Jill.
Nothing for me. Thank you.
OK.
All right, well, if there's nothing else.
Yeah.
I move we call it a wrap then.
Oh, you know what?
I just thought of one other thing.
Let me clarify for Doug.
So I was looking into the MTTD and MTTR
metrics that you were mentioning before.
Looking back at the metrics that I
Mm-hmm.
actually report on,
you know the MTTD and MTTR is something
that we can.
Certainly gather,
but the metrics that I typically report
on is in regards to our I've set I
mentioned before in JIRA Service
Management that will filter our incidents
through there.
So I've set SLAS for response time and
resolution time. So what I'm.
Yep.
Reporting on a regular basis is actually
our SLA success rate for response and for
resolution.
So slightly different than MTTD and MTTR.
OK.
We can still gather those,
but I'm not reporting on those on a
typical basis.
That's OK.
I think sometimes when you're using a
third party there,
it's it's it's tough to really get to
that true number, right?
So that's kind of the fact factor there
Yeah.
comes into play.
I was just curious if you had something
available because that is a common common
metric that.
Security security operations is weighed
on, right? So OK, yeah,
if you could just put whatever you have
that that information about the about
Yeah.
what's you you captured in Jira and and
some explanation in the data room that
that should be fine so.
OK. OK. That sounds great.
OK. Thank you.
Great.
And then if we could just get the that
You're welcome.
presentation that that Kapil shared
before,
if we could get that in the data room,
that'd be super as well too.
Yeah.
All right. Well, with that,
I appreciate your your time and and
transparency and we'll talk to you guys
soon.
Thank you.
All right. Thank you.
Take care.
Good day.